Document steps to install Mattermost Desktop from Repository (#5636)
mattermost/docs: source/install/desktop-app-install.rst

Ubuntu and Debian-based systems
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. tabs::

  .. tab:: Install as a Deb Package

    Unofficial, community-driven ``.deb`` packages are available.

    1. Download the latest version of the Mattermost Desktop App:

      - 64-bit systems `mattermost-desktop-5.0.4-linux-amd64.deb <https://releases.mattermost.com/desktop/5.0.4/mattermost-desktop-5.0.4-linux-amd64.deb>`__
      - 32-bit systems `mattermost-desktop-5.0.4-linux-i386.deb <https://releases.mattermost.com/desktop/5.0.4/mattermost-desktop-5.0.4-linux-i386.deb>`__

    2. At the command line, execute one of the following commands depending on the package that you downloaded:

      - 64-bit systems ``sudo dpkg -i mattermost-desktop-5.0.4-linux-amd64.deb``
      - 32-bit systems ``sudo dpkg -i mattermost-desktop-5.0.4-linux-i386.deb``

    3. Run Mattermost as a desktop app.

  .. tab:: Install from Mattermost Repository

>     Community-driven ``.deb`` packages are published into Mattermost Repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Community-driven ``.deb`` packages are published in the Mattermost repository.
```
